Say
Who's your boss?
Yes, to inherit General Wu Jin
I heard that he deserted his official position and fled
He also ordered the defenders along the way to escort back to Beijing
With complete disregard for the lives of the people
Is that right?
Yes, it's true.
I didn't want to go along with him.
But he is the brother of Concubine Ji Gui
Or the general of the entire northern frontier
So?
What third brother or
We killed the inheritance
He has so many troops protecting him
Hard work is hard to do
The best way is
Put his army
grab it
OK
Why should he wear this?
We can only wear this.
Ha ha.
Of course it's because I look better in it than you, brother.
Sheriff
Really locked in a dungeon
The people in the city say that the county governor is a good official
So I presume
He will definitely clash with Xunji
This is called inference
I think it's just a blind cat meeting a dead mouse
make time
You are Wang Junchou
You are the men who inherited Wu to kill me, right?
I am Third Prince Ye Xuan
This is my brother Yanli.
We are here to ask for your help in dealing with the inheritance of Wu
You didn't take refuge in the devil
Did you die outside the customs?
No.
I see.
It's a rumor made by the stepfamily
So I told you.
How could the bloodline of the Tian family betray the human race?
qi family
How dare the Qi family deceive the Emperor?
They are simply lawless
We're back this time
Just to trip the Qi family
Fight against demons with the strength of the country
Protect the dawn
Your Highness is willing to sacrifice his life to follow the two Highnesses